Pressing the detail button here in the order items should expose all items we have and for this I want
to use the card item here.
One way of doing this is to handle some internal state here with the help of the U.S. State Local which
we import from react where we control where we're currently viewing the details are not so named as
show details and set show details here.
And initialize this with used state to be false so that we don't show the details initially.
And now when we press this button here I of course want to change this state so dear in this function
I will call set show details and basically invert the value for this we use the special syntax where
we pass a function to that state setting function here where we get the previous state and we then return
and use state based on that previous state.
And here keep in mind that previous state is indeed false or true depending on what show details was.
So here I will return not previous state to convert this if it was false I will return true as a new
state if it was true I'll return false as a new state and I'll set this to show details.
Now we can use that information here to output some content conditionally we can check show details
and if data is true and this is now our reacts index we can use here.
So if this is true Dan we return this view here might look strange at first but with Dad we're saying
if this is true and this is true and is a shortcut for JavaScript to check if this is true.
Well this is always true ish because this is optic and so this will then be rendered.
That's how javascript works.
The alternative would be a ternary expression or a variable which you set up here which you'd change
with if check and then output down there.
So all used as inline expression here where output this view if show details is true.
And in this view I want to output all the items.
So in this view I'll have a dynamic output where I go for all my items which I expect to get on the
items prop of this order item component.
And there we can map our data into a list of JSA X elements into a list of components.
So here I of course get my card item in the end because items in order are just the items we had in
the card so map executes this function on every card item so to say and gives us that a card item it's
currently looking at an L for desired and we have to return a new J as X element we want to output and
that's where I use my card item to output debt.
So here I output card item like a note card but cart item like this not a card item if you have a look.
Took the quantity and the title as inputs and also wanted the amount.
In addition we had to delete button there which I don't want on the order items all we have to do something
about that.
But let's focus on quantity title and amount for the moment and pass in these data pieces.
So here a quantity is card item dot quantity amount is a card item dot.
And now remember that whatever we store hidden orders and items is in the end what we get as items here
in our orders reducer.
So what we get in our action so we get our card items there and if we have a look at the card screen
and have a look at what we pass in there then for ADD order we pass and discard items constant which
holds this array we generate here the end.
So in the end we have an array of such objects in there.
So we have the product titled A Product Price to quantity and to sum in there and that's what we can
now work with here in order item where I create my card items I pass and the card item quantity for
the amount I pass in court card item some and last but not least in the card item.
We also need to title so Dad will be card item dot product title what I pass in here.
Note A remaining problem as I said is that a card item has it is touchable.
I can hear to delete it does only make sense if we use this component instead of a card.
Not when we use it inside of an order we want to output which is of course read only.
So the solution is that here in card item we wrap this and simply expect to get a prop that says for
example the league table and only if Data's true.
Same shortcut as a second ago we all would put this touchable opacity.
So as I can in general.
Otherwise we don't.
So now we have to a legal prop in the card item which needs to be set to show that trash icon.
This means that in the card screen where we want to have that trash icon when we use the card item there
we do need to set delete table and setting it like this suffices.
This sets it to true and we'll show it on the other hand in our order item.
When I also use the card item there I don't set delete table and they offer will not render disk trash
I can so let's have a look at this.
Let's save it and let's add these items to the cart.
Press order now and then go to the orders click show details and I get an error props.
Items map can't be called because undefined is not an object.
A reason for data instead I'm trying to loop for all my items here on the order item but in the orders
screen I'm never setting the items prop here.
So in the orders screen for the order item besides passing in the amount and date we also need to pass
on the items for that order item or outputting and that of course can be received or can be gotten from
our item data item which is a single order.
And now if you have a look at the order model in there we'll have those items property here so we can
access dot items here.
And now we pass the items into the order item and therefore now we can also output it there.
So now if you give us a number try and replace and you ordered here and we simply have a look at this.
Now this works we got a problem with the key here which we'll fix in a second.
Let's first of all all the tried is on Android click order now.
Then go to orders show the details get the same warning but I've written that it generally works though
it would be nice if these order items were a bit broader so that's also something I want to fix so to
fix these errors.
We have the warning stems from the fact that here I'm mapping my data into react components and if we
do this manually with map here we need to assign that key prop that's a core react requirement which
you'll have in react for a web as well.
So here you need to point at a unique identifier and every card item here in the end has a product I.D.
we can use and you can confirm doesn't a card screen where you create that array of card items in the
end there.
We store that product I.D. and that will be unique per row so that is fine.
Now regarding the width of this well we can add a style here detail items for example and add that down
there in the style sheet.
And here simply make sure that we set a width of 100 percent so did we take the full away label width
for the card items and now if we give us a number try and we order it is and then we go to our orders
screen and show the details.
Now it is looks the way it should look and now we can view the details and hide them tiny improvement
maybe is that this text should update.
So when we view the details this should say height details and not show details.
And of course that's also easy to implement and order items there we have this button.
We just need to set this text dynamically and check whether show details which is our internal state
here is true.
If that's the case then here I want to say height details otherwise I'll say show details.
And now this text should switch dynamically as we show or hide our details.
So if we ordered this one last time here we have a look at this.
Now it's show details now its height details.
Now it is really works in the way that it should work.
Now it's all the place another order just to confirm that this really works if we order this here we
go to the orders screen now you see that second order as well and you can control them independently.
So this is the order screen and how we can output orders there and how we can even reuse the card item
here.